Congratulations to Brother Lin Chuan for his recovery and discharge.
Thank you. Thank you.
I'll take care of you when you get home
My sister has been taking care of you in the hospital recently, and it's been too hard.
Mr. Ye Ji was originally your fiancé
He's okay now.
You just take good care of him
Just adjust your body
It turns out that my sister still remembers that he is my fiancé
Mr. Ji, I will go back today
Elementary school will take good care of you
Look, I really miss you during this time
I've always wanted to go to the hospital to take care of you
But Mrs. Liu wouldn't let it
My mother is also afraid that you will be affected.
I want you to rest.
What can I do to make Mrs. Liu like me?
You don't need to please him.
He will slowly accept it in the future
By the way, Brother Li Shan
I should take my medicine.
You go to rest first
I'll take you to get medicine
Brother Hongchen, you drank the medicine
I'll get you fruit.
Brother, are you not feeling well?
I ask you to go back to your room